docs: prettier home page for the documentation portal (#309)
allinbits/cosmos-cash: README.md

> To get started and contribute to the project, visit the [ Technical setup](./TECHNICAL-SETUP.md) page and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started and contribute to the project, see [Technical Setup](./TECHNICAL-SETUP.md) and the
```

Reviewer: it's useful to have the title of the page as the descriptive link test, and the more informal "see" (we don't need to say "page")

[Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md) page.

#### Testnet

> To join or interact using the testnet, refer to the [testnet coordinates page](https://docs.cosmos-cash.app.beta.starport.cloud/Networks/testnet/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To join or interact using the testnet, see [testnet coordinates](https://docs.cosmos-cash.app.beta.starport.cloud/Networks/testnet/)
```

Reviewer: hi @noandrea let's change the "refer to the" to "see" and just use the descriptive link text

can we use a relative link here?

Author: no, we have to have the fully qualified URL
